Luo Yongjiang is their man
This old fox is hiding too deep
Mr. Su personally took action
Failed to get the handle on him
Fortunately, the Queen has a discerning eye
See through his disguise
The ability of thieves to penetrate
It's beyond our imagination.
The more at this time
The more we have to keep our eyes open
Spies are probably lurking around us
Lord Wang
You obviously can't hold his arms anymore
And knowing that the abandoned warehouse in the western suburbs in the early morning
It's a trap
Then why didn't you arrest him just now?
But to commit evil
Let him drop our tracks
Do not enter the tiger's den
What a tiger
Our target is Gozo Kameda
And not a little Taro Watanabe
Rash action will only kill grass and worms
I see.
Queen, do you want to save it?
take this as your child
call up
Gozo Kameda, who has been controlling everything behind the scenes
A good hunter takes the form of prey.
We must make Kameda's five internal organs feel
He's already winning
I'm pretty sure.
This old fox will let his guard down
Show your fox tail
The Queen is wise
Her Majesty the Queen
Please condescend to stay here tonight
I'll pick you up tomorrow morning.
Let's go to the airplane warehouse in the western suburbs in the early morning.
Guitian Taijun
Everything went well.
Can be registered.
He saw through Luo Yongjiang's identity
I want to guide you down the mountain